Next up on a video to be to start the data model that allows us to keep track on the back end of the
tokens that we issued so that when we are identifying users, we are not just relying on the information
that user that is sent.
But that we have a way to validate on our site that indeed that refresh token belongs to that user and
that we issued tokens ourselves.
To start, we have to change our implementation database and we'll paste that structure just to save
a few seconds.
This is the structure that we're going to, to to the so we create a table table called token.
Do you have an idea to identify each row refresh token expire that issue that and a reference to user.
So I want to have foreign key that says this table is a many to one relationship to user.
So one user will have many issue issue tokens and we'll keep track of them on the database.
We need to add a new Java class to be a record called Token.
Okay.
So token.
We love string.
Refresh token.
Local time issued at.
Local time ex fired.
That's.
It's.
My record is done in my user.
I need to create.
A map of collection.
Private.
Final.
Set of token.
I call it tokens.
And this will be a new set.
I will need to change the constructor.
I will allow a collection on the constructor.
A collection of token tokens, and these are called DOT tokens stored at all tokens.
And here in the construction, I will do collections, empty lists.
I would love three methods here.
Public void.
Public votes.
I'm talking.
These tokens.
I.
These tokens had token.
I will create also.
Public.
Boolean.
That's.
Uh, remove token.
Token token.
These tokens are more token.
I will return this.
And I will also add another one also.
Boolean remove token.
Token if.
Uh, predicates.
Super token.
Pretty good.
This will allow me to do a removal based on the filter, so I'll return.
These are tokens talked.
Remove all.
Based on the predictions.
Sorry, not remove.
All remove is based on the predicted.
And.
That's it.
I have my guitar and up, but I don't want to forget that and settle for this.
So I will move this from here.
I'll move it here.
So here.
Just to get there.
Huge trendsetters yet to set her.
You get around Sutter and you get there.
And Sutter.
And here I thought so.
It's also strange.
Please.
We don't have too many lines of code.
And it's done on my user.
So this class also, it's it has a same name as that one, which means that if we use them in the same
place, we will need to reference them through the, um, the, the foo foo name.
I don't want that.
So I'll just refactor and rename this to JWT.
This is the mapping to the digital bootie and I will also adapt this class.
So we'll will be.
Get their.
Private.
Final long.
Sorry.
Get her private.
Final time.
He shoots at.
I won't also get her private funnel or call time.
It's duration.
Expiration.
Yes.
So it's cold here.
Now we need to add this constructor parameters refactor.
I have some weird things here.
Okay.
I will refactor this.
He shoots at
far.
Expiration.
He calls this.
Inspiration.
Then you need to do it like this.
Local date time.
For instance.
Uh, zone.
I did see some defaults.
Time for instant.
So.
No, this is my fault.
I will delete these matters and replace its usage because basically it does the same thing as here and
here.
I will also have VAR claims.
Equals.
I will remove these claims there.
Game and now I will also do user.
Ready equals claims dot.
Get user I.D..
And then I'm all for it.
Shoots at it, calls claims that got issued at the expiration
claims that get expiration and then return a new trailer with t.
I have to change this also to return to the routine.
You should witty.
And yet I will use tokens that I already have.
I use ready?
And then local time.
Of instant.
And she we will do instant.
He sent.
Of her book the second.
You should at.
You get time.
And I miss missing.
So when I see some default here, so I'll still copy this.
It's the same, he said of his shoot at Expedition.
Of course, this man's finish.
I need to find problems here.
The problem is easy to solve.
It's.
Get you ready.
Here.
This user I.D. is no longer.
You said it is a JWT.
So I'll call it refresh.
And these in fact, what I want you to have here and here, I want to have this.
I still have one issue here.
Uh, missing.
Yeah.
This.
And here.
I was this.
So I have you.
I keep the structure of my program.
I keep one class, which is a representation of my JSON web token.
I have it here and contains all the information.
I'm not allowing anyone to change these.
This is private, so I just get a immutable representation of what I want.
Again, I keep the structure of logging in the class logging.
So my logging class is the one that is able to handle me a generic representation.
With the validation that that I want when I ask for it.
And service contains all the logic what I will implement and the rest.
Now it's time to run the application.
And to see if everything still works.
So I don't have a refresh token.
I will need to log in logging works.
Let's get access token to get authenticated user.
I get authenticate to users, so it works.
Refresh token works logout works.
I logged out.
I try to refresh again, no tokens, so my endpoints are working and I changed my application to be
able to deal with the future change that I need to do.
So it's important when we build an application, if we see that the design, it's the structure is not
helping us, it's we are going against the implementation.
He's also important to take a step back, think of it and redesign, which was what we did here.
We clearly we will need the expression issue that user ID we need to store it here so we will need to
handle it in these two classes.
So we need to adjust the class as well.
In the next video we will go through the actual implementation of the logic needed behind.